feat: add css key to vite config (#518)
tuono-labs/tuono: apps/documentation/src/routes/documentation/configuration.mdx

  - `Array<{ find: string | RegExp, replacement: string, customResolver?: ResolverFunction | ResolverObject }>`
- [Vite documentation: resolve.alias](https://vite.dev/config/shared-options#resolve-alias)

### `vite.css                           `

> Config object for configuring behaviour with CSS, preprocessors, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Config object for managing CSS behavior and integration with preprocessors (e.g., Sass, Less, etc.).
```

- Type: `CSSOptions`

> - [Vite documentation: CSS config](https://vite.dev/config/shared-options#css-modules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Vite documentation: css](https://vite.dev/config/shared-options#css-modules)
```
